
Workflow that was used to generate this code.

----------------------------

AI Tools used:
  - ChatGPT
     - Use for planning, paperwork, and mockups
  - Claude Code
     - Used for development, coding, and unit testing

This document will cover my interactions with AI to build out this
tool.  It will consist of which AI tools I used for which parts along
with which prompts I passed to the AI.

----------------------------

Setup a virtual environment to work on :
   Python Virtual environment:
      - Setup
         python -m venv pong_venv
      - Start 
         source pong_venv/bin/activate
      - Check which environment you are in
         echo $VIRTUAL_ENV
      - Stop
         deactivate

----------------------------

Below are the workflow that I went through to create the Pong Game:

==> INITIAL APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT <==
1:  Create a new repo, download the repo, and create a new branch to work in
2:  Used ChatGPT to create a Product Requirements Document
      - 2_Create_PRD.txt
3:  Generated Product Requirements Document generated by ChatGPT and
    given via copy/paste method to Claude for initial coding
      - PRD.pdf
4:  I let Claude Code write up all the code, which took a little bit..
5:  Wrote some wrapper scripts:
      - INSTALL_REQUIREMENTS.sh
      - RUN_GAME.sh
      - RUN_UNIT_TESTS.sh
6:  Tested the game and created some small tweaks here and there
      - There were errors running the game, so I sent the error messages
        to Claude to resolve
         - Claude determined that the version of a library that I was using
           was newer then expected, so it made the required code modifications
           to resolve
      - There were a few other errors, so I just went through the same
        exercise of copying the error message ( or group of error messages )
        and pasted it to Claude to resolve
7:  Run unit tests and fix any issues with them
      - There were issues due to code changes from bugs being fixed earlier
8:  --  COMITTED THE CODE AND CALLED IT MINIMUM VIABLE PRODUCT (MVP) COMPLETE

==> ENHANCEMENT: ADD AUDIO <==
9:  Adding enhancement to add audio.
      - 9_Add_Audio.txt
10: Verify the game works and audio works.  If it does, then don't forget to
    get Unit Tests generated.  If the audio doesn't work, then continue to
    work with Claude until the audio works like you want and all unit tests
    are working
       - Had some crazy issues due to running on a Mac.  Had to follow
         the following steps to resolve
           - brew install portaudio
           - pip install pyaudio
11: Clean up as you go.  There were a lot of test scripts created and documentation
    generated while working through the audio issues.  Make sure to cleanup
    everything that is no longer needed and review the documents and only 
    keep what you need.
12: --  COMMITED THE CODE AND CALLED THE ENHANCEMENT COMPLETE
    
==> ENHANCEMENT: ADD CUSTOMIZABLE CONTROLS <==
13: Added enhancement to add customizable controls
      - 13_Custom_Controls.txt
14: Verify the game works and the custom controls work.  If it doesn't then 
    work with Cloude to address any bugs and issues
15: Always test the game and run all unit tests
16: --  COMMITED THE CODE AND CALLED THE ENHANCEMENT COMPLETE

==> ENHANCEMENT: UPGRADE THE GRAPHICS <==
      NOTE:  Orignal look prior to graphics upgrade:  original_graphics.png
17: Upgrade the visuals of the game by using ChatGPT to create a mockup
    image to use as inspiration to update the graphics of our Pong game.
    This is the prompt that I used:
      - 17_Upgrade_Visuals.txt
18: The following image was generated from ChatGTP that will be used for
    graphic visual enhancements to the Pong game:
      - mock_up.png
19: I uploaded the "mock_up.png" image to ChatGPT and used the following prompt
    to have it generate a prompt that I can copy/paste directly to Claude
    along with the "mock_up.png" image to perform the visual upgrades:
      - 19_Upgrade_Graphics.txt
20: Generated the mockup image and the associated prompt to use from ChatGPT
    and passing it to Claude for processing:
      - 20_Upgrade_Graphics.txt 
21: Fully test the Pong game to make sure it works along with the unit
    tests.  Considering there are most likely a number of changes that
    need to be made, there will most likely need to be a ton of updates
    to the unit tests.   Remember to get good code coverage.
22: Had some visual issues with the graphics, so I had to take a screenshot
    of the issue and upload it to Claude.  Below is the screenshot and 
    prompt that I sent:
      - broke.png
      - 22_Graphic_Glitch.txt 
23: --  COMMITED THE CODE AND CALLED THE ENHANCEMENT COMPLETE

